Hahaha striptease
I love watching striptease
Didn't you say you have money?
You are the one who saved your goddess from danger.
Ah, I know.
You want to see her striptease too, right?
Ha ha ha ha
This smile is yours, right?
Yes, she is my sister.
As long as you win the gifts I gave you, you will be fined for everything
I'm not afraid to tell you about this money
You're still going to let her take off her clothes?
And your money won't come back.
Why
Raymond Lam
How come I didn't realize you were so good at pretending before?
This PK will end in 10 seconds.
I want to see your goddess striptease
Your mouth
Is it still so good?
The big shots always have to appear last.
Wow
Thank you for the carnival sent by the big brother in the dream
Thank you for the Carnival
You charged for half a day and only charged one
Have you taken out the coffin?
Now the truth is revealed, right?
Ha ha ha ha
Don't you like money?
Open your eyes today
Thanks to Brother Feng Kite-Iron Wolf for the Carnival
Thanks for the 500 carnivals